<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Untitled">
    <title>Flow of a doubles game</title>
    <shortdesc>In doubles, the flow of the game is fundamental to scoring. A strict serving sequence
        ensures each teammate has the opportunity to use both service courts.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Once a team gains possession of the ball after a side-out, the new serving teammates
            receive numbers based on their court position. </p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_ygn_mxl_sjb">
                <li>The player on the right service court immediately after the side-out is
                        <i>One.</i></li>
                <li>The player on the left service court immediately after the side-out is
                        <i>Two.</i></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>To begin the next rally, <i>One</i> serves to the opposing team's right court.</p>
        <p><b>When <i>One's</i> team scores a point,</b> the serving teammates switch places with
            each other. <i>One</i> must now send the ball to the opposing team's left court.
                <i>One</i> will continue to serve and switch places until either they or their
            teammate fault.</p>
        <p><b>If <i>One's</i> team faults,</b>
            <i>One</i> will pass the serve to <i>Two</i>. The teammates do not switch places. </p>
        <p>The sequence now proceeds to <i>Two</i>. They must serve from their current side of the
            court.</p>
        <p><b>When <i>Two's</i> team scores a point,</b> the serving teammates switch places with
            each other as before.</p>
        <p><b>If <i>Two's</i> team faults,</b> it is a side-out. The serve goes to the other team,
            and the sequence repeats.</p>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="concept_mym_vyl_sjb">
        <title>The exception: starting a doubles game</title>
        <shortdesc>The only exception to the standard doubles flow is at the very start of the
            game.</shortdesc>
        <conbody>
            <p>At the beginning of a doubles game, only the right-hand player on the serving team
                has the opportunity to serve. They are <i>Two</i>.</p>
            <p>If <i>Two</i> faults, it is a side-out. The sequence proceeds as normal, with
                    <i>One</i> on the other team receiving the ball.</p>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
</concept>
