<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="untitled2">
    <title>How to play</title>
    <shortdesc>In a typical match of King, you're likely to start on the "challenger" side. How do
        you become a Champion and take one more step toward victory?</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Important to note is that standard rules, save for some scoring differences, apply to
                both singles and doubles King.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you're playing doubles, <b>pick a teammate.</b> Otherwise, simply select
                    your first champion to play and get in line.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You start each round of King with zero challenger points and zero championship
                    points. Announce how many challenger points your team has. Once the challenger
                    indicates they are ready, serve away.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>For each rally you/your team wins</b>, you will earn one challenger
                    point.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>If you/your team lose the rally</b>, move to a different court and serve as
                    normal.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You must clearly notify the other team/player (on the champion side) <b>when
                        you have two challenger points</b>, even if it's just holding two fingers in
                    the air. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Once you/your team earns their third challenger point,</b> congrats! You
                    have become a champion. Switch halves to the champion side of your current
                    court. <b>All points you earn on the champion half are championship points
                    </b>and count toward winning the whole thing!</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>If you/your team fault against someone with two challenger points, the
                        challenging player/team will become the champion in your place.</b> You will
                    go back to earning challenger points from zero, but you will not lose any
                    championship points.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Each player or team is responsible for keeping track of their own championship
                    points. <b>The first person to fifteen championship points total must declare
                        themselves King of the Court; they have won the game.</b></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
