<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Untitled">
    <title>Kitchen rules</title>
    <shortdesc>Pickleball's rules against close volleys are among the most numerous of any racquet
        sport.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The <i>kitchen</i> is sometimes called the <i>non-volley zone.</i> It is the space within
            7 feet on both sides of the net.</p>
        <p><b>You cannot volley while standing in the kitchen for any reason.</b></p>
        <p>USAPA, the governing body of American pickleball, keeps an exhaustive list of what does
            and does not constitute a kitchen fault. For sake of simplicity, we boil them down to
            five rules.</p>
        <p><b>A kitchen fault IS committed when:</b></p>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_ow2_bhm_sjb">
                <li>the volleying player has even one foot in the kitchen and/or on the kitchen
                    line.</li>
                <li>momentum carries the volleying player, or anything they are wearing/carrying,
                    into the kitchen.</li>
                <li>a player touches the kitchen right after volleying, even if the ball is declared
                    dead beforehand.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
        <p><b>A kitchen fault IS NOT committed when:</b></p>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_dcm_hhm_sjb">
                <li>there is no volley. So long as the ball bounces before you hit it, you can stand
                    in the kitchen at any time.</li>
                <li>the ball is over the kitchen AND you are not standing in the kitchen. Remember
                    that the kitchen is a 2D "rectangle," not a 3D "box."</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
