<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Untitled">
    <title>How to serve</title>
    <shortdesc>Regardless of the kind of pickleball you are playing, there are a few standard
        serving rules.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>All serves must be underhand, and from behind your side's baseline with at least one
                foot. The baseline marks the very back of the court.</p>
            <p>Serves must be cross-court diagonally. This means that they must land within the
                service court at the cater-corner of your own.</p>
            <p>The baseline, sidelines, and center line are considered in. The kitchen line is
                considered out.</p>
            <p>You only have one attempt per rally to make a successful serve, unless there is a
                    <b>let</b>. A let is when the ball touches the net on the serve and still lands
                in the correct service court. If you let, you must try again.</p>
            <p><b>There are many different methods of serving, but this is the best one for
                    beginners.</b></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Determine your place in the serving sequence, then announce the current score
                    of the game. See "The singles serving sequence," "The doubles serving sequence,"
                    and "Scoring basics" for more details.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Point your entire body in the direction you need to serve. Step slightly
                    forward with your left foot. This will set you up for a driving "pivot" motion
                    that will add depth to your serve.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>With your left hand, hold the ball in front of your paddle. Hold the paddle so
                    the handle is pointing toward your upper body (usually this is a 10:00
                    position.)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Let go of the ball with your left hand. At the same time, pivot with your right
                    foot and drive the paddle forward, keeping your wrist straight.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
