<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_t4f_nns_qjb">
    <title>The kitchen</title>
    <shortdesc>For its simplicity, pickleball has quite a few rules regarding when you can
        volley.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>The kitchen is sometimes called the <i>non-volley zone</i>. It is the space within 7 feet
            on both sides of the net. You cannot volley while standing in the kitchen for any
            reason; this is a surprisingly common fault.</p>
        <p>USAPA keeps an exhaustive list of what constitutes a kitchen fault, but it can be boiled
            down to five basic principles.</p>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_jd4_qns_qjb">
                <li>If, when volleying, you have even one foot in the kitchen and/or on the kitchen
                    line, it's a fault.</li>
                <li>If momentum carries you or anything you are wearing or carrying into the kitchen
                    while volleying, it's a fault.</li>
                <li>If, right after volleying, you touch the kitchen, it's a fault. Even if the ball
                    is declared dead before you touch the kitchen, it is still a fault.</li>
                <li>You can stand in the kitchen at any time, <i>so long as you're not
                        volleying.</i></li>
                <li>The kitchen is a two-dimensional rectangle, not a three-dimensional box. You can
                    volley if the ball is over the kitchen, so long as your feet are not in the
                    kitchen.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
